all right folks welcome back this is the
seventh episode for the ICT mentorship
on YouTube
20122 this lecture is going to be
dealing with daily bias and
consolidation
hurdles all right folks we're looking at
the daily chart for the NASDAQ and
if you're looking at trading
view under the NASDAQ selection so it's
the continuous contract that way it
makes all the candles look nice and
crisp and you don't see any spotting so
right away if you're looking at this you
should see this run on price taking out
buy side liquidity see all these
relative equal highs here ran above it
then broke below a swing
low created what here got trades up into
it now where is it going to trade to
this low to this High midpoint there's a
gap right there and then you have the
old
low sell
here aim here or here and it runs it out
now this is important obviously it
sounds like well you know you're cherry
picking in imp pack old moves okay
that's how you learn
but think about what's happened on the
daily chart we traded below this low
we've taken cell liquidity out of the
market Marketplace so with that it's
likely to retrace back up into the range
what's the
range this High to that low but look
closer see how we have this nice
energetic run look how many down closed
candles we have here one two three four
lot of movement there so I'm looking at
this high and this low and I'm trying to
get a range for where we are at
present so once the cell side was taken
out here it's likely to retrace back
inside the range of this high and this
low we've seen it come all the way back
up it went to a premium Market which is
above equilibrium here and then we went
down below to a discount bounced off of
the old low
here then we've Consolidated around
equilibrium now when you have this
condition it can make it very difficult
to get a true reading on bias okay so
there's times when even me as ICT I
don't have a good clear read on what it
is I'm looking for so I have to demand
more price action and more information
or Intel as I like to call it based on
what the Market's going to do right
after the open at 9:30 in the morning
New York time for disclosure in my own
paid
membership I mentioned to them that I
felt that this was a likely area where
they could probably take it down there
and sweep that area whether it goes
lower or not it's irrelevant but where
we were here to here that's what I was
expecting some type of move last night
for Tuesday's trading okay so Tuesday's
trading the 8th of February
2022 going into the marketplace I was
anticipating something that would be
bearish that's going to be useful to us
when we go into lower time frame charts
because I'm going to show you what I had
to deal with this morning and how I had
to overcome that this is something that
if you're using these Concepts and
practice with your demo account you're
going to have these same conundrums and
you have to find a way to overcome them
and I'm just going to suggest this to
you
here but before we go into the lower
time frames I want to teach bias okay so
if we had this setup on a daily chart
Market structure has a shift lower we
trade up into a fair value Gap until we
get down to here and here each day I'm
anticipating lower prices so my bias
is bearish now every single day is going
to be a down Clos candle but I'm going
to hunt intraday price action with that
in
mind if I'm going to take a long it
would be counter Trend to that bi my
Leverage is going to be dialed back so
let's assume for a moment that the
account that I was trading with would
allow me to trade 10
contracts 10 contracts would be the
maximum I could trade so if I'm Trading
with the bias which would be bearish
during the run from
here to here and
here then I'm going to look to utilize
the maximum leverage that I can have
without overleveraging by based on a
fixed percentage basis like I like 3 and
a half% I'm not telling you to use 3 and
a half% you should be risking less than
1% about a half percent or a quarter
percent because if you don't know what
you're doing there's no reason to be
putting High levels of risk behind a
move if you don't know what it is you're
doing it's going to create toxic
thinking bad habits and you're going to
be afraid to execute based on the
results you're
getting so you want to be indifferent to
the results that in the beginning is
important by having a demo account using
very very low leverage if not
deleveraging okay and I'll talk a little
bit about that when we get into money
management but that's not this
topic so from this high down to that low
each day I'm going in with the
expectation that it's going to likely
set up a sell scenario where I can get
short and hopefully buy back at a lower
price count how many up dayss or green
Candles there are from this high and
this High down to that
low
one
two real
important so the
delivery by the algorithms are spooling
that means prices expanding and going
directionally one
way when that
occurs there's going to be times where
you have an up closed candle that may be
a day that you tried to go short and
maybe you've lost okay no big deal same
thing going into the next day going in
for looking for shorts next day same
thing same thing and then here it opens
and trades down below the low and has a
huge expansion move and then comes back
above and that's it and closes on the
near the high of the day or midpoint of
the the body in this area
here is there a lot
of up closed candles during that bias
being bearish
no you need to get over the concern
about being right every single time you
need to put aside also the idea of
perfection because you're not going to
have it perfect you're not going to get
in perfectly you're not going to get out
perfectly you're not going to have the
perfect amount of contracts you're not
going to have
you know the
perfect asset in other words you may be
trading the NASDAQ and the e- mini S&P
has a little bit better run and delivers
a little bit more highly unlikely but
vice versa you get what I'm saying so
you're you're always going to find
reasons to be wrong Embrace imperfection
embrace the idea that you don't have to
know everything you don't have to be
right okay being right is not equivalent
to being profitable
very important factor there so with bias
in
short you're looking at your daily chart
to get a read on where it's likely to go
to next where's the price going to draw
is it going to draw higher to an old
high is it going to draw down to an old
low and until it gets that higher low
you stay with that bias okay so it's a
quick down and dirty way of interpreting
price action for daily bias but the
focus that I've taught that are hung up
on daily bias really what they're trying
to say is and this is exactly what
they're getting at but they can't either
articulate or they just won't be honest
with it or
me what they want is tell me how to get
the high of the day when it's bearish
and how to get out at the low and get
all the move and never take a
loss and avoid when it's going to be a
day that goes against me where I feel
comfortable now that might sound
extreme and maybe some of you that have
issues with daily bias are thinking to
yourself that's not me I just want to
know when it's going to go up when it's
going to go down I'm telling you if you
strip it down that's what you're trying
to do you're trying to demand that I
give you some magic bullet that's going
to give you the absolute highest high
and the lowest low on the bearish and
bullish days so that way you're trading
perfectly I don't trade perfectly no one
trades perfectly so you have to have
this embracing of the gray area in the
marketplace that gray area is where
things aren't always so clear but
because of experience you've had in the
past seeing things unfold the way they
hopefully would if you've been trained
properly then there's nothing to fear
even if you do it wrong and you have a
adverse reaction or result to taking a
trade using the logic that you're
training with there's no reason to be
fearful because one or two or maybe a
small string of losing trades does not
in any way shape or form diminish the
effectiveness of a model if it's based
on Sound
Logic
so you're going to utilize the daily
chart to determine whether or not the
next candle is going to be likely
bullish or bearish between this High
here in the midpoint of this low to
high I'm expecting down closed candles
that would equate to a bearish bias it
doesn't mean that I can't take a long
entry it just means that if I do take a
long entry in day I'm going to do it
with far less
leverage and if I see a setup that's
bearish I'll use or consider using not
always but I'll consider using my
maximum risk which is 4 and a
half% but I like to see trades that I
feel comfortable with with 3 and a
half% and until we get down to this low
and underneath it that means it's likely
to reverse RSE or
consolidate and we have a retracement
back in So once it starts doing this and
it's hanging around equilibrium it gets
very difficult even for me to determine
a bias so what does that mean no trading
no it just means that you have to rely
on these smaller time frame intraday
charts and just simply look for
liquidity pools so you're going to trade
intraday
volatility running old highs running out
old lows being a lot more nimble
and like a surgical strike you you take
your handles or your points that you're
trying to get out of the marketplace and
then run you don't try to overstay your
welcome so let's go down to a lower time
frame all right so we have the 15 minute
time frame and we have our 8:30 in the
morning crosshairs
here crosshairs are the vertical line
that denotes the time that we start
looking back to the left
okay right here go to the left we see
here this is our first low so we Mark
that and right in
here to first to the left is here we
don't want to use this low by itself
because it's inside of this candle so I
want to use the extreme where's the
liquidity going to be is it going to be
above this or is it going to be above
that it's going to be above this okay
why why not that one
and why this one keep looking left what
do you see over here see that these are
relative equal highs what does retail
Traders see that as resistance so they
see it going up to here stopping and
going lower they see it going up to here
failing to go up here so now they think
this is a really strong resistance level
and it went lower look at that then the
market showed
how that level is real resistance by
going right through it but this would be
a first Target here to reach
for and if you want to use a longer term
intraday Target would be back here
because to the left of this one is this
one which essentially is the
same then we have this one here okay
so obviously with the benefit of
hindsight you can see that we traded
below that low here then we reversed and
started going higher we took out this
High here which I traded this
I did not hold for this now the question
is going to be is why didn't you hold it
for that one ICT well if you look at the
range from this high down to the low
over
here about midpoint is just above this
high right and we have this little
imbalance right there so whatever I'm
teaching you in this
mentorship I'm looking for about the
midpoint and some kind of liquidity
there's buy stops above that okay so we
traded
below I went along on that candle I'll
show you in a live account trust me just
hear me
out I
bought a rout up here and I took
out on this candle here I got out on
that
high now I could have held
it but to do so would be painting the
picture that you can do this
and take down these types of Trades all
the time and the reality is you're going
to require a lot more time to develop
than you probably think it will
require one of the things that happens
when I have students come under my
tutelage is they have been fooled by
listening to people talk about the left
side of the chart all the time and they
can't execute on the right side and it
is useful in the beginning but if that's
all there ever is and if your educator
can't trade on the hard right edge of
the
chart it kind of makes you
feel well either a false sense of
security or a false sense of confidence
that quickly gets evaporated when you
trade with a live account or creates
analysis paralysis and I have a large
body of students that are lumped into
one of those
categories they've been utilizing some
other concept or approach or they call
it SMC smart money
Concepts and they'll think to themselves
that you know this is what's going to
have to happen in the chart and it isn't
because they're lacking narrative so one
of the things that I'm
teaching in this mentorship in my paid
mentorship is how to view the
marketplace from a narrative standpoint
what's the logic why should the market
do what it's doing it's not enough to
see how a low is taken out and the
expected to go higher or a high taken
out and the expected to go low
there has to be some greater context
behind it and that's what I gave you in
the beginning of the
video now on the two-minute chart why
the two-minute chart well that's for
your homework you go through the five
minute the 4 minute the 3 minute the 2
minute and the one minute chart I'm
going to utilize the two-minute chart
because this is what I was using today
for my own analysis okay all right so
you can see how we had the old low here
we trade down below
it and
this 10:04 I'm actually highlighting
that candle right there the reason why
I'm using that candle's low and taking
the screen capture there so I want you
to see the low candles
price okay so that's where your stop
would have to be just below that maybe
one one tick by going long in here based
on the logic I'm going to start to
outline
here the market trades below the old low
trades below it rallies above but does
it trade Above This short-term High yet
no
then it goes down once more below the
old low but not below this low here then
it turns and goes
higher what did I see in this
chart that allowed me to go long in
here what did I
see
nothing I didn't see anything in this
particular chart I saw it in the S&P
before I leave this chart I want you to
think about how that high was around
this High here that's where it could
reach for 830 we're right here what's
the point of expecting to go above that
not much we want to see some kind of a
protraction so the market yes it went
above that short-term high and then went
lower than that low yes but Watch What
Happens it trades below it comes back up
and look at all the volatility and the
sloppiness inside this area here then
the market starts to Rally so the draw
in liquidity is going to be
here it took out cell side here so let's
look inside this price action and see if
there's any details that would lead to a
run into that we'll call it the 44.95
level
okay so the two-minute chart this is
what I was
using the market trades below the old
low as we see here I apologize to
screenshot I wish I would have had these
things on it but you can look at your
two-minute chart on trading View and
you'll see this a little bit more clear
I apologize but this low C
it's high then we have one candle up the
next candle is low there's your fair
value Gap that's the run in here so we
have displacement low and displacement
high is there a market structure shift
bullish yes it trades up above it and
you look for the fair value G is there
one in here no anything in here no how
about here no it's closed in with this
Mo move down here but we have this so we
trade down into it here and 1036 that
candle forms that's a long in S&P
now compare that with this fair value
Gap in the S&P we traded below the old
low we took sell side out we have a
shift in Market structure on the S&P
these averages tend to move in
tandem so that means they generally move
in the same direction so I'm looking at
the Dow even though you don't see me
trading it I'm looking at it I'm also
looking at the S&P even though I'm
favoring the NASDAQ because its
volatility and its movement is more than
the S&P other Traders might be fearful
of the volatility say I don't want to
trade that it's too fast for me I am
loving this because I know how to trade
I can work within that volatility
because I know what I'm looking for I
know the signatures the algorithm is
going to put out so until I get these
signatures I have to wait or put leaders
into the marketplace which is what I'm
going to show you when I show you my
Live account results today but at 10:36
let's go back up
to the
NASDAQ we don't see any fair value Gap
in there do we nope but we start to see
NASDAQ
turning so I went in Long in close
proximity to this order
block okay I went in at
14,505 that's inside of this order block
so I'm trading close to it now I
promised I wasn't going to teach order
blocks that much in this mentorship and
some of you have been leaving comments
oh I'm not into this now because you're
not teaching order blocks okay go watch
something else I'm going to teach it the
way I want to teach it okay it works and
you have to get yourself acclimated to
how I'm teaching it or don't watch okay
I don't mean to be rude but I'm not
taking suggestions on how to teach you
so if we are expecting a fair value Gap
to be a launching point for the S&P and
these markets generally move in tandem I
don't need the fair value Gap in the
NASDAQ because I'm utilizing the S&P as
my
indicator what did I just
say the word that should not be
spoken indicators yeah even though I
don't have them plastered all over my
charts like graffiti you can see the
candlesticks in my charts you can see
the logic you can see how the markets
run for liquidity there's nothing hiding
or masquerading price you can see it
it's clear you need that you need to be
able to read the story of price and not
the story of indicators so the logic is
that S&P low in here was trading down
into an old fair value Gap over here in
its price swing but there is no fair
value Gap in the NASDAQ see that now
let's go back down into the
S&P even my own paid memberships
learning something
tonight I should have charged money for
this one oh
ICT fair value Gap trade down into it
there that's a long for S&P
but I don't want to trade the
S&P so I'm going to use the timing of
that candle for my long entry on
ndaq trading what's not in the chart
hint hint nudge nudge so Market rallies
and it trades into that short-term high
that was seen on let's go back up right
here so again just roughing it around
that 4496 449
we'll just call it 96
4496 and that would be right in here
bang hits it sweeps it accumulat some
more and then rallies even higher taking
out that longer term old
high all
right what gave me the confidence that
this was turning
here well let's take a look at the three
averages together if you look at how the
Market's trading low here on the Dow
this top chart is the Dow futures the
NASDAQ futures is in the middle and the
S&P is at the lower end here so it's Dow
NASDAQ
S&P during that decline in the NASDAQ
and the S&P look what the Dow's
doing it's saying nah I'm going to sit
this one out
boys it's not willing to make that lower
low where NASDAQ did S&P did when you
see that right there and here's an
important thing you anticipated already
you're not looking for this this is what
some of my students when they come into
my mentorship they see this pattern they
think oh it's diverging so it means it's
going to go the other direction no this
is something that confirms an idea that
you had already established before price
does what it's doing real time what does
that mean you're already looking for a
reason to go higher so that means you're
looking at an old low does it trade
below the old low okay does it have a
shift in Market structure that's bullish
yes we saw that in the S&P but we did
not see it in NASDAQ no evidence
whatsoever was in NASDAQ this morning
with what I'm teaching you but it
was listen it
was in the
S&P and no I don't trade the Dow but I
utilize it like a indicator it's not
plastered all over my chart I'm
referring to it because I have multiple
monitors I'm looking at my screens I
have a screen that shows charts like
this so I'm
looking at the relationship of all three
averages stacked over top of one another
and if I'm looking at a period of time
and an area in price action that maybe
is going under accumulation for long
positions this is what I'm looking for
I'm looking for that little fingerprint
of the algorithm what this is indicating
is that Dow is unwilling to go lower
than that low that tips off individuals
that are looking for cracks and
correlation okay Cor would be they are
moving
lower here here and here but they that
correlation where they move in tandem
together cracks here at a very important
time right when the NASDAQ and the S&P
are trading below its old low I get
questioned all the time ICT how do you
know it's going to be a fake Break below
and old low and rally higher or or a
fake Break above an old high and go
lower which is what I dub a turtle soup
now that's not the same pattern that is
taught in Linda rash and Larry Connor's
book Street smarts which is actually an
excellent book I have my own
interpretation of that which is very
easy it's simple there isn't like you
know I'm not going to teach their
pattern and go buy their book and you
support the authors but the idea is I'm
looking for runs above old highs to set
up a short position if I have the
opposite of this condition here where
maybe the Dow didn't make a higher High
where the S&P and NASDAQ did make a
higher high by itself it doesn't mean
anything so many students over the years
have simply went in there and said oh
this is Magic I'm going to go just do
that and I unwillingly did the same
thing when I first started observing it
I'm like I don't need to do anything
else I just look for this and it didn't
work out well okay I blew accounts yes
I'm not ashamed to say it in the '90s I
blew accounts doing this very thing here
just looking for these diers
and then I later learned that I have to
have some kind of narrative as to why
this would even
form and to be honest with you I don't
personally need to see this because I
know what I'm looking for I already know
that it's going to create this
Divergence at the times I'm trying to
buy but as a developing student you may
not have that experience and there's
nothing wrong with that and you may have
you may been trading longer than me
maybe you've been trading 31 years you
know uh there's nothing wrong with that
maybe
you don't need this either but for a
developing student someone that doesn't
have a affinity for reading price action
naked and not using indicators these are
the best indicators you're ever going to
have you don't need moving averages you
don't need stochastic you don't need
Fibonacci you don't need in that stuff
okay you don't need it the only reason
why I'm pulling a fib up is to show you
where the midpoint is have you noticed
that we haven't even talked about
optimal trade entry none of that stuff
I've stripped this down to the Chrome
and it's beautiful is it not it's easy
it's so simple it better be easy enough
for my daughter to do it because if you
can't do this one I don't have anything
for but
nonetheless I want you to think about
how this pattern
confirms the accumulation of long
positions now let me correct those of
you that are going to take this
information and run out there and create
your own videos or your own little
courses or your own little mentorships
okay because if you don't do this right
you're going to hurt the people that are
listen listening to you and I just don't
want them to get hurt because of your
lack of understanding what's going
on the Dow is not going down because
buyers are coming in that's not what's
happening here that's what authors and
book writers and people that don't
really trade or code algorithms will
have you
believe this is an unwillingness to
deliver to that
low this is a macro a macro is something
inside of an algorithm that prevents or
enables
delivery delivery of what
price so the Dow is unwilling to go
lower here okay by itself means nothing
does it happen at the same time that the
NASDAQ went lower yes at the same time
the S&P went lower than that low yes
okay so let's go back here's that old
low prior to 8:30 remember algorithms
run on time
and price not price and
time multi-level marketers the
low that's the price yeah but you have
to refer to time first what's the
important factor of time 8:30 good to
the left what's the first low right
there boom so there's liquidity below
that it trades below it here then wait
do we get a signal that allows us to
hunt what I'm teaching you on this
mentorship
there's a swing High it breaks it
there so now Market structure shifted
bullish look back through this price leg
there's your fair value Gap oh but what
happens if it goes down there and it
keeps on going that's what your stop is
for remember what I said earlier in the
video some of you are
so new okay your infancy as a Speculator
and Trader is
it's getting in the way of Sound Logic
because what you're thinking is there's
a way for you to trade and never take a
loss there's a way for you to somehow
and this is nowhere near true that you
could enter the market and your stop
never needs to be placed because you're
right because what you're saying is I'm
afraid to be
wrong that's a psychological barrier
that you need to get over because I'm
going to show you my Live account and
there's going to be some negative
numbers there those negative numbers
sometimes are
premium payments for me to get more
Intel okay and with that let's go into
the continuation of
this all right so here is my Live
account and I did some trades this
morning I got to my desk a little late
this
morning couldn't focus I had some
expectations I wanted to see it Go lower
I told my paid man ship last night that
I prefer a move lower uh we got a really
sloppy opening which is really
characteristic of the 930 opening a lot
of people tell you don't trade the 9:30
opening it's scary it's too much
volatility I actually don't mind it
because I'm actually putting sometimes a
order in to get a feel for what it's
doing now right away if I just show you
this chart and don't give you the
context behind it you're going to hear
people or they're going to take my video
and they're going to do all this
armchair quarterback after the fact it's
never been traded by them they're not
doing a live account they're always
playing in demo accounts blowing demo
accounts they always have something
negative to say about everybody else but
they're not doing anything on themselves
here's the context that's important okay
back in the 90s I learned a lot of
things from a Floor Trader that actually
traded the S&P on the floor I also
picked up more insights from Larry
Williams about trading the S&P and also
George and gel now George Andel had a
really interesting concept when I first
heard about it I kind of immediately
discounted it I was like that's stupid
and what is it well on the
floor sometimes Traders would
have just a disconnect they wouldn't
have a read on what the price is
doing so what they would do not just
George but everybody on the floor would
generally try to do this as well they
would simply go in and buy or sell short
one
contract and just see what happens now
for someone that doesn't know what
trading is like never traded with life
money or just now learning that's going
to be like that's stupid if you don't
know what you're doing why would you put
an order in
well if you want to know how the
Market's likely to
deliver put some skin in the race you'll
have a greater feel for what it's doing
when you put an order in it doesn't need
to be a large order I'm only putting one
contract in I can only trade one
contract because of the equity I have in
the account it's like 21 plus th000 to
do one NASDAQ contract and it's
Justified because of the volatility you
could be up or down $5,000 in a session
so you know discount brokers are not a
Saving
Grace so I put a order in two times I
got to my desk late I wanted to dial in
and the shest way for me to do that is
just to toss a contract in now when I do
that I'm trying to read what the price
is doing against that order I'm not
trying to pick a spot when I'm tossing
that in there either now I understand
how someone that would never have had
any experience trading with real money
would look at that and say that's dumb
like that's somebody doesn't know what
they're doing no you have no idea the
benefits of having that it's like
dropping a hook in water that you've
never fished in you test it see I'm
getting any bites
here if I throw a short order in or if I
throw a long order in I'm watching I'm
getting a feel for what the Market's
doing once that order's in there and I'm
reading the reactions I'm not looking at
the equity okay I'm not I'm not trying
to get a tug-of-war sensation internally
of making money losing money I'm
watching how price delivers around that
order is it easily moving away from that
order or is it lethargically moving away
or is it completely running against it
that IM that immediate feedback that
that feedback loop that it gives you as
a a Trader because you have something in
there that's worth
something you're going to be more
attentive to what price is doing and
what you're familiar with with reading
price than if you were just watching the
charts paint the candles and it's
something that is true when it comes to
like learning with a demo account this
is the limitations of learning with a
demo because you can test the waters
okay by throwing in a single
contract and if that contract is is
basically you know ran
over for a lack of a better term then
you know that your bias probably isn't
in alignment with that order so if I'm
trying to hunt the bigger move of the
day I will sacrifice these initial
little runs I'm not doing it all the
time remember where we started this
video we're in the middle of that range
on the daily chart so technically it can
go either side of the the range and take
liquidity I don't know when going to
sleep at night time and also when I'm
doing videos earlier in the evening I
don't know where price is going to be at
at 9:30 in the morning New York time the
next day I don't know that no one knows
that okay no one's going to know that so
when I build a trading plan or idea
around what I would prefer to see I'm
only looking for that the night before
everything changes when we walk up to
that 8:30 you
know vertical line it gets put on my
chart to show you
now based on those ideas and the
relationship of the information I'm
getting with that initial contract going
in at the opening at 930 I'm getting a
read on price sometimes these trades pan
out and it's profitable that's not the
point and sometimes it creates a small
draw down on the
account that small draw down if you
count that as a skill thing you're
missing the point entirely okay if you
can get yourself and Avail yourself some
you know writings by George Angel
invariably you're going to hear him or
read him suggesting he's done this and
Floor Traders did it as well when I
started implementing it and I've done
this with Forex too sometimes my
students will tell you if we were all in
a big Stadium okay and we were all like
saying raise your hand if I said this or
if I did not say that they would all
raise their hand when I say sometimes
I'll do this with Forex I just want to
know what it's doing I need more
information and there's no better
feedback loop than to put something at
risk in the marketplace CU you don't
have anything at risk with a demo you
can put a trade on with a demo but
you're not really feeling anything from
that you're only really drawing a
connection when it's right when it's
wrong it's just like well whatever I'm
not I would have never taken that trade
anyway so it's important you know the
context here okay with that aside let's
move forward so these are me putting in
a leader in the market just to see if I
can
get a better read even though I want to
see it going lower I'm not so sure with
all this back and forth movement I don't
know if it wants to run higher for reach
for higher form of buy side liquidity or
if it's going to run lower for that low
so I tossed in two orders and you can
see them when I show you the the history
on my next
slide but all this went away and then
here's where I went short here and I
covered basically then I went long right
on that candle right there and what was
my price
,55 A5 okay and I closed above that high
remember the high was at
14620 here it is
14,622 and 3/4 so that's 117
handles I don't care about these little
Mickey Mouse moves back here because
that is a premium for Intel I'm going to
make a small investment to get a better
read on these types of moves here okay
if I show you these types of charts or I
make them available on the internet with
no context behind them whatsoever
none they would be trolled all day long
and they would beat their chest and feel
smart like they're saying something that
means something they have no idea they
have no reason to think that they
anything they're saying is valid or true
but I'm showing you the logic here okay
this is not latency okay when I was
doing latency tests that is me testing
the feedback timing from putting a trade
in how fast I can put orders in what
type of slippage I'm getting cuz I have
an algorithm and that timing is
important for me because this account
won't stay at one contract it'll
eventually grow till I can do more so I
need to know how fast I can ramp it up
or is it going to take me a little bit
longer term time frame to build it up
before I can start pressing it harder
everything I'm showing you in this
account is All One Mini contract basis
not more than one just one because of
the leverage and the limitations of
margin it won't it it prevents me from
doing so okay as you can see it's $ 37,8
2315 and those trades that I showed you
on the chart here is
that history or whatever the somebody
was posting uh show us the history you
know it's not a live account unless you
can show this area here well here's the
trades I've taken for
today here was the initial trade
here okay you might look at this and say
oh man I wouldn't do that pay
$750 I'm looking for significant price
moves I'm looking at trades that are a
little bit more significant intraday
because that's the model I'm teaching
you now I can teach you a very high
frequency type trading style that
literally will blow the doors and beat
the brakes off of all these supposed
algorithms that YouTube's
promoting and they won't have have these
types of trades in them okay it'll be
just real clean like 500 pip $500 runs
or $300 runs on equity and then you get
in and get out one contract so as you
build this up you know 10 contracts it
would be easy for you to do3 to $5,000 a
day if you take the results I'm showing
you here these are the trade results
these are my two leaders I put in okay
and I got a better feel for what the
price was going to do I took the trade
here this one here once we got closer to
the actual setup around on 10:30
candle these again I was testing whether
or not that there's going to be a run
now I'm
sacrificing this and a little bit more
of my starting Equity to get that
information because I
know if I get the right Intel I know if
I'm
buying okay I'm going to be buying then
I'm going to look at the S&P like I
showed you
tonight the pattern the setup remember
what I was telling you at the beginning
of this mentorship
this pattern forms every single day but
you have to look for it it may not be in
your asset it may not be in your
particular Market but it exists all of
these markets move like boats in a in
high tide and low tide all boats rise in
high tide all boats drop and lower with
low tide so I'm trying to get a read on
this environment as a whole not just my
own asset class and since I'm trading
the NASDAQ I'm not limiting my view or
analysis to just NASDAQ there has to be
some intermarket
relationships okay and I'm combining
markets that I'm not even trading like
the Dow and the S&P but I'm using the
feedback that they're providing me in
terms of intermarket relationships so
that's what I taught you tonight
intermarket
relationships and using the
consolidation hurdles like when you have
a consolidation what do you what you do
well this is what I do you know I'll
throw a contract in there to see what
it's doing and I'll get a feel for that
I don't care about draw down because I'm
comfortable I can go in and fix the draw
down at the end of the year you're going
to see that every single day in here
there's draw down and I correct
it my goal is no losing
days now that's not something that you
should
have as a goal coming out of the gates
as a new student I'm not saying that
you're ever going to get to that point
and I do have losing days but I'm not
showing losing days predominantly if I
have a losing day here or there it's
probably been two since the start of
this
account I fix the draw down I know how
to do that so when I was doing latency
tests and I'm testing tdmr trade speed
and how they can deal with my positions
when I'm getting in getting out getting
in getting out I'm getting a read on how
fast they can fill me
what type of slippage I'm having because
when you start doing lots of contracts
that's going to mean a whole lot more
than just one contract but one contract
as you can see
here I want to say this real quick and
get out of the way um the profits and
loss category right there that little
tab it's at $
13,926 that is not a lot of money folks
it's not but it's 51 plus per now in two
weeks of trading two weeks well two
weeks in today days now a day say two
weeks and one day so two weeks one day
51% now it's one contract if I was
trading with 10
contracts we would be in some serious
money then right you start paying more
attention to it then right 13,000 almost
$14,000 isn't that much money but what
happens if you start doing that every
single month I'm not suggesting that you
can or will or promising that you will
but what happens if you
do would you make a living on
that I'm just asking I put a poll on my
community Tab and I asked everyone that
would read it is 20% a month return is
at a respectable rate of return and if
you look at the results it's
predominantly yes the other answer was
no it's not enough for me now I know
there's a lot of trolls that you know
like to watch me they'll put whatever
the expected adverse choice would be
they'll choose that one okay okay but
I'm sure there's some of you that think
because your first you know impression
about trading is everybody gets rich and
nobody loses money and everybody gets
Lamborghinis in the first three months
and it's just great you know nothing
nothing bad can happen it's all up from
here and I've never been a mentor like
that okay I've had very nice flashy
things but I don't try to promote that
idea I teach you this is going to take a
lot of work but the work and the things
that are real about this industry and
how you're going to have to get like I'm
teaching you T night what causes me to
get clarity cuz sometimes I don't have
it I don't know is something I say
periodically and not knowing something
is not ignorance it's not an absence of
skill it's honesty and you have to be
honest with yourself and you cannot
assume that you're going to be coming
into these markets being perfect because
perfect is not something that exists in
trading it does not exist there is never
going to be someone that's
perfect you're in this industry to do
what make
money that's it if you're in here for
any other reason I'm in here to impress
my dad impress my mom my girlfriend
boyfriend husband
whatever old gym
teachers that's the wrong reason because
you're doing things from an
emotional high and when you have the
emotional low it really hurts and you
need to keep yourself focused on why
you're doing this your you're doing it
to make money to improve your financial
condition like I mentioned before I
start this mentorship I believe that
there are hard times coming ahead and
you don't need to make $144,000 in two
weeks you don't need
that but if you make your car note for
the month or if you make 50% of your
mortgage or rent payment every month
with something like this and I'm not
saying or promising you can but think
like that let it evolve from that when I
was a young
man and I said this many times in my uh
videos and I have some people in this uh
mentorship that are watching that they
don't like when I do these types of
Rants and things and they say oh stick
to the topic blah blah blah get to the
point this is the point okay because
you're going to if you're not trading
with life money right now inconsistent
you're going to have these things come
up in your own thinking and they're
going to be barriers so what when that
happens you're going to be wanting to
email me okay or you're going to wrestle
with it and not know how to deal with it
when I first started back when I was 20
years old I'm looking at the market
thinking if I can get to the point where
I could save $1,000 a
month by the time I'm in my 40s I won't
need to work now obviously you I didn't
factor in inflation all that stuff but a
million dollars by 40 you know that was
enough for me to get to work and focus
on learning how to do
this contrast that with what you see on
YouTube today follow my signal service
join my
mentorship I made $60,000 in one trade
here's the proof here's the withdrawal
here's this here's
that that is not something that is
sustainable and it's such a
wild unicorn that just pops up once in a
while you don't see these people pulling
out $60,000 consistently every single
week that's not happening okay but I'm
pulling out $6,000 a week consistently
now that's not a lot of money it's not
but I'm quite confident in saying that I
think that the majority of you and I'm
talking the high 90% of you could live
pretty nice on $6,000 a
week will the market continuously offer
me
$6,000 I don't know I haven't traded the
indices in a long time but I traded
these
markets 30 years ago okay and I know
them so I'm not scared of them I'm not
scared of the volatility I love it but
if you look at the relationship ship
of how these negative trades give me
Intel they give me Insight because I'm
trying to get a read on the next swing
on that daily chart these are all small
little Investments on me getting a
better read on that see you think that
your trading accounts never going to
have any of these in them when these are
to a informed Trader someone that's
seasoned that knows what they're doing
they'll invest in their own Trading
think about what I'm telling you you're
investing in yourself to get more
information that you can't collect just
by watching the price action so you got
to get a closer feel for it and you
invest and you put something in the
marketplace now there are trades and
I've mentioned this uh I'm not sure
which video it was in the mentorship but
I did one and they were losing trades
they were they were wrong ideas they
were absolutely wrong ideas not all of a
losing trade record is errors and that's
how it's important because if you just
look at somebody's you know trading
statements or
or well yeah their positions and and
their statements that's not going to
give you the context that would be
required like I could look at someone's
statement and say okay yeah they're
making money but in reality unless I
look at what they're doing on a chart
they could be lucky they could be just
getting lucky and this today was me
investing in trying to get a feel for
what I think is going to happen on the
next few days worth of data and I'll
throw in a couple trades where it
doesn't matter to me if I'm losing and
sometimes when I do this they're winning
trades but they're not meant to be
winning trades or losing trades it's
just me getting a read on it now when
you do a micro account okay it wouldn't
be this much money and you may not trade
with this style this I know many of my
students don't do this because they just
don't think it's a worthwhile investment
but those same traders that are under my
toist are not capturing 100 plus handle
moves in these indices either so it's a
tradeoff okay what is it you're trying
to do what are you trying to accomplish
I'm not trying to get 10 handles you
know on a lot of contracts and scalp
scalp scalp okay I know what I'm looking
for and
this this tab over here where it says
profit and losses I don't care how much
money I deposit in the account the
broker will never put that money in that
tab so when you read people making
comments on the internet and I have a
few of them in the in the previous video
that I mentioned and showed today where
I was showing my Live account logging
into in the whole show they said that
I'm adding money and this is reflecting
the additions and that just proves that
these people have no idea what a live
account looks like they've never seen
one in their life no broker ever would
ever reflect deposits in the profits and
loss category that would never happen
and this is absolutely profits and in
organizations like the cftc would
literally come after me or anybody else
if that wasn't real money I'd be
breaking the law by saying it is real
money that's real profits right there
okay these
trades here I cleaned up all of
this with that trade right there okay
but I I want to give something that I
think and believe that is realistic my
int intentions are not to run this
account up to a million dollar because I
don't think that you learning from this
YouTube channel that that is
realistic can some of you do it well the
sky is not the limit okay I've on record
many times saying that I have students
that do very very well I have students
that don't make money at all now you
might be an exception I don't know that
you may believe it I don't know okay but
the things I'm teaching on this YouTube
channel I have faith in that's the only
thing I'm showing you here I'm not
saying look what I can do so therefore
you can do it too I cannot promise you
that you're going to get the same
results in fact I'm promising you that
you won't get the same results as me
okay but I try to trade this account
with the expectation also that I don't
want it to
be consistently over and over again
where it's just too good to be
believable because I want you to be able
to see these statements at the end of
the year and look at them and refer to
them and say you know what there's these
times in the market in certain months
and certain days where there was draw
down in this account and it came out of
that draw down and look where it ended
for the year look where it ended for
each
month that is
tangible real world help when you feel
like if you have a losing streak or if
you have losing trades and you look at
someone that's been able to use the
logic that I'm teaching you and still
correct it now I can correct the draw
down intraday because I know how to
trade very well I'm not bragging it's
just the
facts if I know what I'm looking for
whatever draw down I have and I can
correct the intraday draw down that I've
had on the chart if we look at how the
market can give us these opportunities
and you can see that this trade
here there's that entry at
14,505 and a half right there
14,622 and
3/4 right here that was the sell that
was the exit here's the commission costs
here's the fees and here's the
commission that TDM trade takes out and
here's the return on that one trade 2345
$2,345 that cancels out all of the
leaders I put in to get a feel for it
and I pocketed $1,100 for one day for a
short amount of time I could have held
it I could have done that using what I'm
teaching you
here but I'm trying to teach by example
so that way you don't look at me do
unrealistic things that you can't do
right away do I believe someone that has
put a year into trading and studying
what I'm doing with this mentorship can
trade like this I personally believe yes
but does that mean that you are all
going to do it no
if I didn't believe you could do it I
wouldn't be up here doing it okay the
logic is being shown to you I showed you
in the charts how I use the S&P to time
my NASDAQ trade and here are the
actual history this is this is it okay I
got asked Today Show this okay here it
is do the numbers here add them up and
then add it to that profit and look at
the video I just posted today and some
of you going to say oh this is
a you said uh
photoshopped pH phoshop thing because
it's on your PowerPoint I do PowerPoint
because I'm not having to worry about
hiding my user number because if I hide
that then you can't see all the the
other details down here I think it's
what turns off so I want to keep
everything so you can see it so it just
allows me to not worry about
it but
nonetheless I want you to think about
how daily bias is not an everyday bias
that's going to work in your favor some
days I go in I'm expecting like last
night I preferred to see the market go a
little bit lower and it didn't deliver
so I had to make adjustments and then I
caught myself on the right side of the
daily
range exiting where I teach you getting
in where I teach you right there there's
logic it's that's the proof okay um
there will be days where I try to do
this and I'm going to have a losing day
it will happen I will not be able to
corrected it will be a losing negative
day when that happens the first instance
that that happen s I'm going to show you
it okay I'm not trying to hide the
losing days but the trader in me the
person that is
ICT I refuse if I have the capability I
refuse to let my negative day stay
negative at the close now you might look
at that as oh well you're you
know you can't accept the losing trade
and you're trading emotional that's
nonsense this is someone that's got
three decades of experience and I know
how to fix it so if you knew how to fix
it wouldn't you do it right
so again everybody's going to have an
opinion and everybody's going to have a
way of thinking how they need to be
taught but I've been doing this for a
very long time and I'm not going to
change my style so the order of which
I'm teaching it the topics I'm talking
about the way I'm showing it to you in
the charts that's how I'm trading I'm
putting the trades on based on that
logic so that way you can see I have
faith in this you may not have faith in
this you may never take these trades you
may never ever put any effort into
learning them you're just watching this
like it's a Netflix binge watching scen
you
scenario okay that's cool but this is
something that is transferable I can do
it it will repeat to answer your
questions I'm getting a lot of comments
also and I'm going to close the video
here the algorithms are not going to
change because ICT is teaching teaching
you how to navigate with
them
period why am I trading these markets
when I'm supposed to be the Forex Guru
well if you look at Forex Forex is going
real quiet it's sideways so I'm going to
trade this Market also as a compare and
contrast I've been doing this Market a
lot
longer than
Forex again I started with these markets
here and bonds which when we get into uh
May and June I'll probably trade some
Bonds in here as well give you some tips
on on how that market Works a little bit
too but hopefully you got something from
this I was a little all over the place
but I wanted to be relaxed and and
communicate a lot of things that were
coming to me by way of the comment
section I appreciate all of your
comments I appreciate all of the
feedback you guys are giving me um just
so you know I know some of you are
probably leaving these sweet Sugar Rush
uh comments and really really lavishing
me with adoration I'm not trying to put
those comments I always accept one
comment for each video as a way of you
know saying I liked your comment you
know I think that's a a significant
comment that I think the community would
appreciate not just oh this is you know
loving ICT um I appreciate all of that
but just know that those types of
comments are never going to be allowed
to be shown um I I'm holding all the
comments for review because I still have
some terrible things being said to me to
me that are not true and I'm not going
to give a stage for that okay um in
closing if anybody out there says that
they're doing trades that are live and
they making $220,000 a day or whatever
and they're not doing it in a simulator
let them Show You by logging into a live
account and doing it like this I'd be
interested to see that also until next
time be safe